README.md, before:


# LaserWeb2
Yup, its time to start working on its successor already!

This repo will not be production ready anytime soon.

Laserweb (https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb) was born out of a need! Last year when I gave up on getting a certain well known open source java based laser cutting software to work and my skills at the time didnt allow me to complete my development inside Chilipeppr - i caved in and did what I could to help myself get going! The result of which astounds even me! In just over three months LaserWeb grew to be a massively successful opensource project!  But its not without its flaws

Thus today I give birth to the LaserWeb2 project!

The idea is that this time round instead of a mess of code dumped together working through pure magic, LaserWeb2 will actually have an architecture!

Eventually then LaserWeb can become a dev version to test out the craziness and the stable features can be brought into LaserWeb2

Let the Dev begin!

(Note readme / wiki here will stay very quiet!   If you are a user, head over to https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb  - if you are a developer, talk to @openhardwarecoza or view the commit log!)

## Sponsors
Have a look at companies and individuals that support us financially or with parts donations, or if you would like to get involved by sponsoring us in any way, please see the Sponsors Page on the wiki: https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb/wiki/SPONSORS

## Disclaimer
By using this software, the user accepts complete responsibility for each and every aspect of safety associated with the use of the Laser machine, Laser system and LaserWeb2 Software.

####You agree that:

1. You will not hold the author or contributors of LaserWeb liable for any damage to equipment or persons from the use of LaserWeb2. 
2. You know the potential hazards in using high power lasers and high voltages.
3. You will wear professional laser-eye-protection when using a laser controlled by LaserWeb2.
4. You will use the LaserWeb2 software in a legal and safe manner.
5. You relieve the author and contributors from any liability arising from the use or distribution of the LaserWeb2 software.
6. You are entirely operating at your own risk. Lasers can be lethally dangerous. 


#Testing

You can test drive it live from [http://openhardwarecoza.github.io/LaserWeb2/](http://openhardwarecoza.github.io/LaserWeb2/)

Commit message:

Added testing for Grbl module, made Grbl module more standalone

README.md, after:


# LaserWeb2
Yup, its time to start working on its successor already!

This repo will not be production ready anytime soon.

Laserweb (https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb) was born out of a need! Last year when I gave up on getting a certain well known open source java based laser cutting software to work and my skills at the time didnt allow me to complete my development inside Chilipeppr - i caved in and did what I could to help myself get going! The result of which astounds even me! In just over three months LaserWeb grew to be a massively successful opensource project!  But its not without its flaws

Thus today I give birth to the LaserWeb2 project!

The idea is that this time round instead of a mess of code dumped together working through pure magic, LaserWeb2 will actually have an architecture!

Eventually then LaserWeb can become a dev version to test out the craziness and the stable features can be brought into LaserWeb2

Let the Dev begin!

(Note readme / wiki here will stay very quiet!   If you are a user, head over to https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb  - if you are a developer, talk to @openhardwarecoza or view the commit log!)

## Internal module development
It would be more maintainable if we could develop more functional modules, that are tested. 
<i>Example</i>: grbl.js has test code. It is a stand alone module that parses messages from a grbl device and stores all data in the grbl object, created by ` var grbl = new Grbl()` 
### how to test
``` 
npm install // installs mocha and chai
npm test // runs test code on grbl.js
```

## Sponsors
Have a look at companies and individuals that support us financially or with parts donations, or if you would like to get involved by sponsoring us in any way, please see the Sponsors Page on the wiki: https://github.com/openhardwarecoza/LaserWeb/wiki/SPONSORS

## Disclaimer
By using this software, the user accepts complete responsibility for each and every aspect of safety associated with the use of the Laser machine, Laser system and LaserWeb2 Software.

####You agree that:

1. You will not hold the author or contributors of LaserWeb liable for any damage to equipment or persons from the use of LaserWeb2. 
2. You know the potential hazards in using high power lasers and high voltages.
3. You will wear professional laser-eye-protection when using a laser controlled by LaserWeb2.
4. You will use the LaserWeb2 software in a legal and safe manner.
5. You relieve the author and contributors from any liability arising from the use or distribution of the LaserWeb2 software.
6. You are entirely operating at your own risk. Lasers can be lethally dangerous. 


#Testing

You can test drive it live from [http://openhardwarecoza.github.io/LaserWeb2/](http://openhardwarecoza.github.io/LaserWeb2/)
